# Test Plan

*This is the template for your test plan. The parts in italics are concise explanations of what should go in the corresponding sections and should not appear in the final document.*

**Author**: Shu Liu

## 1 Testing Strategy

### 1.1 Overall strategy

*This section should provide details about your unit-, integration-, system-, and regression-testing strategies. In particular, it should discuss which activities you will perform as part of your testing process, and who will perform such activities.*

Unit Tests
There will be a unit test for each class individually. The unit test will be performed by one group member, which is the main tester in our group.
After each module is built, it will be passed to the main tester to test with a few input to check the functionality. These tests should not be so complicated,
as more complex testing will be implemented in the integration part. And the unit test should ensure that each class work as expected so we can continuelly bulid the module.

Intergration Tests
Most of the intergration tests will be performed mainly by the main tester, and some of the test will be performed by the developers. In the UML diagram, we have
five class for our job offer app. The intergration test will focus on test the interaction among different modules. For example, it should test out the relation between job and joblist class,
also the interaction between weights and ranking list. These tests should be more complex than unit test, but make sure that the number of class involved in each integration test is not over three.

System Tests
System test should be performed by main tester, and should test the complete system with its different functions. For example, system test should focus on how to edit the job, creat the joblist and compare different job together
for the system to work well with students. Some of the test cases might need the whole team to write together.

Regression Tests 
Regression tests should be performed by the main tester. After fixing the bugs or error from the integration and system test, 
old inputs should be run again to see if the expected results are achieved or not. For the reason that the unit test focus on every function generated by the class, 
it's important that those functions are not affected by fixing other bugs.

### 1.2 Test Selection
*Here you should discuss how you are going to select your test cases, that is, which black-box and/or white-box techniques you will use. If you plan to use different techniques at different testing levels (e.g., unit and system), you should clarify that.*
All the unit tests will be using white-box testing because we only focus on test the basic functionality of each individual class. For the integration tests, we will also use the white-box test to test the method and 
relation between several classes. For the system tests, we are going to use both white-box and black-box techniques to test the whole functionality.

### 1.3 Adequacy Criterion
*Define how you are going to assess the quality of your test cases. Typically, this involves some form of functional or structural coverage. If you plan to use different techniques at different testing levels (e.g., unit and system), you should clarify that.*
The test case will be evaluated on how well they fulfill the requirements of the app. Test should be consist with the UML design.  
Also the test case should statisfty the extrarequirement in the user documents.

### 1.4 Bug Tracking

*Describe how bugs and enhancement requests will be tracked.*
Bugs will be reported in the github webpage so that the group member can discuss and come up with a solution according to each problems. 
Request enhancement can be done in the same way. We will take a look at the app after initial design and put all the suggetions together for the further refinement.


### 1.5 Technology
*Describe any testing technology you intend to use or build (e.g., JUnit, Selenium).*
The majority of the test cases will be writen using Junit.Some IDE like Intellij will also be used to help the testing process.


## 2 Test Cases
*This section should be the core of this document. You should provide a table of test cases, one per row. For each test case, the table should provide its purpose, the steps necessary to perform the test, the expected result, the actual result (to be filled later), pass/fail information (to be filled later), and any additional information you think is relevant.
Purpose	                                                     Steps	                                                                  Expected                                   Actual           P/F
Test Add job	                      click "addJob" in the main menu, input all the information of job	                        the job is added
Test Edit job	                      click "editJob" in the main menu, modify the information of job	                        the job is edited
Test set weight	                      click "setWeight" in the main menu , input the information of weight	                    the weight is set
Test gotoMenu method	              click "editJob" in the main menu, go to the job interface, click"gotoMenu"                go back to main menu
Test Add current job	              click "addJob" in the main menu, input all the information of job with "current==ture"	current job is added
Test compare current job	          click "compareJob(job1)"in the main menu	                                                a screen shows the compared result
Test compare two job	              click "compareJob(job1, job2)"in the main menu	                                        a screen shows the compared result
Test displayRanking method	          in the compare screen, click "displayRanking"	                                            ranking result shows in the screen
Test saveJob method                   click "editJob" in the main menu, modify the information, click "saveJob"                 the Job is saved
 
   
|   Purpose    |                  Steps                                              |             Expected            |    Actual   | P/F |            
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------| ------------------------------- | ------------|-----|
| Test Add job |  click "addJob" in the main menu, input all the information of job	 | the job is edited               |-------------|-----|

